_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
fieldTypes/t##FieldType	
#begin_elem	
entity_field_type	
db_type_oracle	
db_type_pgsql	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
id	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
string-s	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
string-m	
NVARCHAR2(400)	
VARCHAR(400)	
400.0	
string-l	
NVARCHAR2(1000)	
VARCHAR(1000)	
1000.0	
integer	
NUMBER(20, 0)	
NUMERIC(20, 0)	
18	
decimal-money	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-rate	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-cbm	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-dimension	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-weight	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-percentage	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
boolean	
NUMBER(1,0)	
BOOLEAN	
date	
DATE	
DATE	
timestamp	
TIMESTAMP	
TIMESTAMP	
blob	
BLOB	
BYTEA	
clob	
CLOB	
TEXT	
entity	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity_60	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
entity-link	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-copied	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-dynamic	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
hcl	
alias	
lookup	
collection	
selection	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
fieldTypes/t##FieldType	
#begin_elem	
entity_field_type	
db_type_oracle	
db_type_pgsql	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
id	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
string-s	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
string-m	
NVARCHAR2(400)	
VARCHAR(400)	
400.0	
string-l	
NVARCHAR2(1000)	
VARCHAR(1000)	
1000.0	
integer	
NUMBER(20, 0)	
NUMERIC(20, 0)	
18	
decimal-money	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-rate	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-cbm	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-dimension	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-weight	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-percentage	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
boolean	
NUMBER(1,0)	
BOOLEAN	
date	
DATE	
DATE	
timestamp	
TIMESTAMP	
TIMESTAMP	
blob	
BLOB	
BYTEA	
clob	
CLOB	
TEXT	
entity	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity_60	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
entity-link	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-copied	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-dynamic	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
hcl	
alias	
lookup	
collection	
selection	
#end_elem	
seqDef/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CPO_CPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_VPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MPO_MPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_OFFER_SHEET_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMMITMENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_BRIEF_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_QC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIP_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_ADVICE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_BOOKING_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CBX_SAMPLE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEM_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROGRAM_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CATALOG_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMPONENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FORW_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_EAR_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LABEL_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SPEC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EXTERNAL_DOC_TITLE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_APRV_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_QC_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MEASURE_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SIZE_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_REQ_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CHA_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CONDITION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TASK_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_FIELD_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DATA_LIST_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_EVENT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_GROUP_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_LOOKUP_BOOK_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_NOTIFICATION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ROLE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_USER_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CLAIM_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LC_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COST_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CODE_LIST_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_ACK_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACCESS_OBJECT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DEFAULT_PROFILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SYSTEM_FILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAING_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAGING_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_ATTR_TEMPL	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_PALETTE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CNT_VIEW_ADMIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PATTERN_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PRT_FORM_EXPT_TMPL_REF	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQUEST_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_TRACKER_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEMCOLOR_STOCKNO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EVALUATION_TEMPLATE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PARTY_TEMPLATE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_EVALUATION	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACC_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MES_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_GDR_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_AGRM_TEMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITATION_REQUEST_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITED_VENDORS_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_REGISTRATION_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CONTRACT_FILE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INSPECT_RPT_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_IB_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NEW_ITEM	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFI_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ2_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
fieldTypes/t##FieldType	
#begin_elem	
entity_field_type	
db_type_oracle	
db_type_pgsql	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
id	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
string-s	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
string-m	
NVARCHAR2(400)	
VARCHAR(400)	
400.0	
string-l	
NVARCHAR2(1000)	
VARCHAR(1000)	
1000.0	
integer	
NUMBER(20, 0)	
NUMERIC(20, 0)	
18	
decimal-money	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-rate	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-cbm	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-dimension	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-weight	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-percentage	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
boolean	
NUMBER(1,0)	
BOOLEAN	
date	
DATE	
DATE	
timestamp	
TIMESTAMP	
TIMESTAMP	
blob	
BLOB	
BYTEA	
clob	
CLOB	
TEXT	
entity	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity_60	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
entity-link	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-copied	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-dynamic	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
hcl	
alias	
lookup	
collection	
selection	
#end_elem	
seqDef/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CPO_CPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_VPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MPO_MPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_OFFER_SHEET_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMMITMENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_BRIEF_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_QC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIP_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_ADVICE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_BOOKING_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CBX_SAMPLE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEM_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROGRAM_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CATALOG_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMPONENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FORW_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_EAR_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LABEL_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SPEC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EXTERNAL_DOC_TITLE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_APRV_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_QC_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MEASURE_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SIZE_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_REQ_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CHA_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CONDITION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TASK_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_FIELD_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DATA_LIST_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_EVENT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_GROUP_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_LOOKUP_BOOK_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_NOTIFICATION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ROLE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_USER_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CLAIM_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LC_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COST_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CODE_LIST_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_ACK_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACCESS_OBJECT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DEFAULT_PROFILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SYSTEM_FILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAING_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAGING_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_ATTR_TEMPL	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_PALETTE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CNT_VIEW_ADMIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PATTERN_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PRT_FORM_EXPT_TMPL_REF	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQUEST_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_TRACKER_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEMCOLOR_STOCKNO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EVALUATION_TEMPLATE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PARTY_TEMPLATE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_EVALUATION	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACC_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MES_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_GDR_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_AGRM_TEMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITATION_REQUEST_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITED_VENDORS_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_REGISTRATION_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CONTRACT_FILE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INSPECT_RPT_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_IB_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NEW_ITEM	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFI_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ2_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
#end_elem	
seqDef_extend/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
#end_elem	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
fieldTypes/t##FieldType	
#begin_elem	
entity_field_type	
db_type_oracle	
db_type_pgsql	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
id	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
string-s	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
string-m	
NVARCHAR2(400)	
VARCHAR(400)	
400.0	
string-l	
NVARCHAR2(1000)	
VARCHAR(1000)	
1000.0	
integer	
NUMBER(20, 0)	
NUMERIC(20, 0)	
18	
decimal-money	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-rate	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-cbm	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-dimension	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-weight	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-percentage	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
boolean	
NUMBER(1,0)	
BOOLEAN	
date	
DATE	
DATE	
timestamp	
TIMESTAMP	
TIMESTAMP	
blob	
BLOB	
BYTEA	
clob	
CLOB	
TEXT	
entity	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity_60	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
entity-link	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-copied	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-dynamic	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
hcl	
alias	
lookup	
collection	
selection	
#end_elem	
seqDef/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CPO_CPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_VPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MPO_MPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_OFFER_SHEET_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMMITMENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_BRIEF_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_QC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIP_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_ADVICE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_BOOKING_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CBX_SAMPLE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEM_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROGRAM_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CATALOG_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMPONENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FORW_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_EAR_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LABEL_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SPEC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EXTERNAL_DOC_TITLE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_APRV_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_QC_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MEASURE_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SIZE_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_REQ_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CHA_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CONDITION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TASK_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_FIELD_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DATA_LIST_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_EVENT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_GROUP_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_LOOKUP_BOOK_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_NOTIFICATION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ROLE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_USER_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CLAIM_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LC_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COST_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CODE_LIST_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_ACK_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACCESS_OBJECT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DEFAULT_PROFILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SYSTEM_FILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAING_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAGING_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_ATTR_TEMPL	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_PALETTE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CNT_VIEW_ADMIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PATTERN_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PRT_FORM_EXPT_TMPL_REF	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQUEST_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_TRACKER_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEMCOLOR_STOCKNO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EVALUATION_TEMPLATE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PARTY_TEMPLATE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_EVALUATION	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACC_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MES_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_GDR_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_AGRM_TEMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITATION_REQUEST_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITED_VENDORS_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_REGISTRATION_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CONTRACT_FILE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INSPECT_RPT_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_IB_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NEW_ITEM	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFI_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ2_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
#end_elem	
seqDef_extend/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
#end_elem	
commonFields/t##CommonField	
#begin_elem:all	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
id	
id	
1	
com.core.cbx.data.generator.UUIDGenerator	
revision	
integer	
1	
entityVersion	
integer	
1	
domainId	
string-m	
hubDomainId	
string-m	
isForReference	
boolean	
#end_elem:all	
#begin_elem:main	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
version	
integer	
status	
string-m	
Y	
docStatus	
string-m	
Y	
editingStatus	
string-m	
Y	
createUser	
string-s	
1	
createUserName	
string-s	
1	
updateUser	
string-s	
updateUserName	
string-s	
createdOn	
timestamp	
1	
updatedOn	
timestamp	
integrationSource	
string-m	
Y	
integrationStatus	
string-m	
Y	
integrationNote	
string-l	
Y	
isCpmInitialized	
boolean	
Y	
isLatest	
boolean	
#end_elem:main	
#begin_elem:versionTracking	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
#end_elem:versionTracking	
#begin_elem:inner	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
internalSeqNo	
integer	
N	
n/a	
#end_elem:inner	
_system/t##ProjectInfo	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_attr	
domain	
release_no	
$root	
5.01	
#end_attr	
role/t##Role	
#begin_elem	
roleId*	
description	
$DEFAULT_ROLE	
Default Role	
ADMIN	
Administrator	
MERCHANT	
Merchant	
VENDOR	
Vendor	
QA	
QA	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_ROLE	
READONLY_ROLE	
accessObject.Author	
Access Object author	
accessObject.Editor	
Access Object editor	
accessObject.ReadOnly	
Access Object readonly	
agreementTemplate.Author	
Agreement Template author	
agreementTemplate.Editor	
Agreement Template editor	
agreementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Agreement Template readonly	
aprvTempl.Author	
Approval Template author	
aprvTempl.Editor	
Approval Template editor	
aprvTempl.ReadOnly	
Approval Template readonly	
artwork.Author	
Artwork author	
artwork.Editor	
Artwork editor	
artwork.ReadOnly	
Artwork readonly	
artworkPalette.Author	
Artwork Palette author	
artworkPalette.Editor	
Artwork Palette editor	
artworkPalette.ReadOnly	
Artwork Palette readonly	
brief.Author	
Brief author	
brief.Editor	
Brief editor	
brief.ReadOnly	
Brief readonly	
catalog.Author	
Catalog author	
catalog.Editor	
Catalog editor	
catalog.ReadOnly	
Catalog readonly	
claim.Author	
Claim author	
claim.Editor	
Claim editor	
claim.ReadOnly	
Claim readonly	
codelist.Author	
Code List author	
codelist.Editor	
Code List editor	
codelist.ReadOnly	
Code List readonly	
color.Author	
Color author	
color.Editor	
Color editor	
color.ReadOnly	
Color readonly	
colorPalette.Author	
Color Palette author	
colorPalette.Editor	
Color Palette editor	
colorPalette.ReadOnly	
Color Palette readonly	
component.Author	
Component author	
component.Editor	
Component editor	
component.ReadOnly	
Component readonly	
compTempl.Author	
Comparison Template Author	
compTempl.Editor	
Comparison Template Editor	
compTempl.ReadOnly	
Comparison Template ReadOnly	
condition.Author	
Condition author	
condition.Editor	
Condition editor	
condition.ReadOnly	
Condition readonly	
correctiveActionPlans.Author	
correctiveActionPlans Author	
correctiveActionPlans.Editor	
correctiveActionPlans Editor	
correctiveActionPlans.ReadOnly	
correctiveActionPlans ReadOnly	
cost.Author	
Costsheet author	
cost.Editor	
Costsheet editor	
cost.ReadOnly	
Costsheet readonly	
costTempl.Author	
Costsheet Template author	
costTempl.Editor	
Costsheet Template editor	
costTempl.ReadOnly	
Costsheet Template readonly	
cpmTaskTempl.Author	
CPM Task Template author	
cpmTaskTempl.Editor	
CPM Task Template editor	
cpmTaskTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Task Template readonly	
cpmTempl.Author	
CPM Template author	
cpmTempl.Editor	
CPM Template editor	
cpmTempl.ReadOnly	
CPM Template readonly	
cpo.Author	
Customer PO author	
cpo.Editor	
Customer PO editor	
cpo.ReadOnly	
Customer PO readonly	
cust.Author	
Customer author	
cust.Editor	
Customer editor	
cust.ReadOnly	
Customer readonly	
custFieldDef.Author	
Custom Field author	
custFieldDef.Editor	
Custom Field editor	
custFieldDef.ReadOnly	
Custom Field readonly	
custInv.Author	
Customer Invoice author	
custInv.Editor	
Customer Invoice editor	
custInv.ReadOnly	
Customer Invoice readonly	
dataListType.Author	
Data List Type author	
dataListType.Editor	
Data List Type editor	
dataListType.ReadOnly	
Data List Type readonly	
defaultProfile.Author	
Default Profile author	
defaultProfile.Editor	
Default Profile editor	
defaultProfile.ReadOnly	
Default Profile readonly	
documentRequestTemplate.Author	
Document Request Template author	
documentRequestTemplate.Editor	
Document Request Template editor	
documentRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Document Request Template readonly	
domain.Author	
Domain author	
domain.Editor	
Domain editor	
domain.ReadOnly	
Domain readonly	
entityConfig.Author	
EntityConfig Author	
entityConfig.Editor	
EntityConfig Editor	
entityConfig.ReadOnly	
EntityConfig ReadOnly	
evaluationTemplate.Author	
EvaluationTemplate author	
evaluationTemplate.Editor	
EvaluationTemplate Editor	
evaluationTemplate.ReadOnly	
EvaluationTemplate ReadOnly	
externalAccessRequest.Author	
External Access Request author	
externalAccessRequest.Editor	
External Access Request editor	
externalAccessRequest.ReadOnly	
External Access Request readonly	
fact.Author	
Factory author	
fact.Editor	
Factory editor	
fact.ReadOnly	
Factory readonly	
factAudit.Author	
Factory Audit author	
factAudit.Editor	
Factory Audit editor	
factAudit.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit readonly	
factoryAuditTemplate.Author	
Factory Audit Template author	
factoryAuditTemplate.Editor	
Factory Audit Template editor	
factoryAuditTemplate.ReadOnly	
Factory Audit Template readonly	
fileLibrary.Author	
FileLibrary Author	
fileLibrary.Editor	
FileLibrary Editor	
fileLibrary.ReadOnly	
FileLibrary ReadOnly	
formBuilder.Author	
FormBuilder author	
formBuilder.Editor	
FormBuilder editor	
formBuilder.ReadOnly	
FormBuilder readonly	
forum.Author	
Forum author	
forum.Editor	
Forum editor	
forum.ReadOnly	
Forum readonly	
forwarder.Author	
Forwarder author	
forwarder.Editor	
Forwarder editor	
forwarder.ReadOnly	
Forwarder readonly	
group.Author	
Group author	
group.Editor	
Group editor	
group.ReadOnly	
Group readonly	
hcl.Author	
Hierarchical Code List author	
hcl.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List editor	
hcl.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List readOnly	
hclType.Author	
Hierarchical Code List Type author	
hclType.Editor	
Hierarchical Code List Type editor	
hclType.ReadOnly	
Hierarchical Code List Type readonly	
inspectcheck.Author	
Inspection Checklist author	
inspectcheck.Editor	
Inspection Checklist editor	
inspectcheck.ReadOnly	
Inspection Checklist readonly	
item.Author	
Item author	
item.Editor	
Item editor	
item.ReadOnly	
Item readonly	
invitationRequest.Author	
Invitation Requests author	
invitationRequest.Editor	
Invitation Requests editor	
invitationRequest.ReadOnly	
Invitation Requests readOnly	
label.Author	
Label author	
label.Editor	
Label editor	
label.ReadOnly	
Label readonly	
letterOfCredit.Author	
Letter of Credit author	
letterOfCredit.Editor	
Letter of Credit editor	
letterOfCredit.ReadOnly	
Letter of Credit readonly	
lookup.Author	
Lookup List author	
lookup.Editor	
Lookup List editor	
lookup.ReadOnly	
Lookup List readOnly	
materialAttributeTemplate.Author	
Material Attribute Template author	
materialAttributeTemplate.Editor	
Material Attribute Template editor	
materialAttributeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Attribute Template readonly	
materialPalette.Author	
Material Palette author	
materialPalette.Editor	
Material Palette editor	
materialPalette.ReadOnly	
Material Palette readonly	
materialRequestTemplate.Author	
Material Request Template author	
materialRequestTemplate.Editor	
Material Request Template editor	
materialRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Material Request Template readonly	
measurementTemplate.Author	
Measurement Template author	
measurementTemplate.Editor	
Measurement Template editor	
measurementTemplate.ReadOnly	
Measurement Template readonly	
mpo.Author	
Vendor Master PO author	
mpo.Editor	
Vendor Master PO editor	
mpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor Master PO readonly	
note.Author	
Notes Author	
note.Editor	
Notes Editor	
note.ReadOnly	
Notes ReadOnly	
notificationProfile.Author	
Notification Profile author	
notificationProfile.Editor	
Notification Profile editor	
notificationProfile.ReadOnly	
Notification Profile readonly	
offersheet.Author	
Offer sheet author	
offersheet.Editor	
Offer sheet editor	
offersheet.ReadOnly	
Offer sheet readonly	
packaging.Author	
Packaging author	
packaging.Editor	
Packaging editor	
packaging.ReadOnly	
Packaging readonly	
packagingArtwork.Author	
Packaging Artwork author	
packagingArtwork.Editor	
Packaging Artwork editor	
packagingArtwork.ReadOnly	
Packaging Artwork readonly	
partyTemplate.Author	
PartyTemplate author	
partyTemplate.Editor	
PartyTemplate  editor	
partyTemplate.ReadOnly	
PartyTemplate readonly	
pattern.Author	
Pattern author	
pattern.Editor	
Pattern editor	
pattern.ReadOnly	
Pattern readonly	
personalizeView.Author	
Personalize View author	
personalizeView.Editor	
Personalize View editor	
personalizeView.ReadOnly	
Personalize View readonly	
printFormExportTemplate.Author	
PrintFormExportTemplate author	
printFormExportTemplate.Editor	
PrintFormExportTemplate editor	
printFormExportTemplate.ReadOnly	
PrintFormExportTemplate readonly	
program.Author	
Program author	
program.Editor	
Program editor	
program.ReadOnly	
Program readonly	
project.Author	
Project author	
project.Editor	
Project editor	
project.ReadOnly	
Project read only	
qc.Author	
Quality Checklist author	
qc.Editor	
Quality Checklist editor	
qc.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist readonly	
qcchecklisttemplate.Author	
Quality Checklist Template author	
qcchecklisttemplate.Editor	
Quality Checklist Template editor	
qcchecklisttemplate.ReadOnly	
Quality Checklist Template readonly	
reqTempl.Author	
Requirement Template Author	
reqTempl.Editor	
Requirement Template Editor	
reqTempl.ReadOnly	
Requirement Template ReadOnly	
rfq.Author	
Request for Quotation author	
rfq.Editor	
Request for Quotation editor	
rfq.ReadOnly	
Request for Quotation readonly	
role.Author	
Role author	
role.Editor	
Role editor	
role.ReadOnly	
Role readonly	
sampleEvaluation.Author	
SampleEvaluation Author	
sampleEvaluation.Editor	
SampleEvaluation Editor	
sampleEvaluation.ReadOnly	
SampleEvaluation Read Only	
sampleRequest.Author	
SampleRequest author	
sampleRequest.Editor	
SampleRequest editor	
sampleRequest.ReadOnly	
SampleRequest readonly	
sampleRequestTemplate.Author	
Sample Request Template author	
sampleRequestTemplate.Editor	
Sample Request Template editor	
sampleRequestTemplate.ReadOnly	
Sample Request Template readonly	
sampleTracker.Author	
SampleTracker author	
sampleTracker.Editor	
SampleTracker editor	
sampleTracker.ReadOnly	
SampleTracker readonly	
shipmentAdvice.Author	
Shipment Advice author	
shipmentAdvice.Editor	
Shipment Advice editor	
shipmentAdvice.ReadOnly	
Shipment Advice readonly	
shipmentBooking.Author	
Shipment Booking author	
shipmentBooking.Editor	
Shipment Booking editor	
shipmentBooking.ReadOnly	
Shipment Booking readonly	
sizeTemplate.Author	
Size Template author	
sizeTemplate.Editor	
Size Template editor	
sizeTemplate.ReadOnly	
Size Template readonly	
spec.Author	
Specification author	
spec.Editor	
Specification editor	
spec.ReadOnly	
Specification readonly	
specTemplate.Author	
Specification Template author	
specTemplate.Editor	
Specification Template editor	
specTemplate.ReadOnly	
Specification Template readonly	
standardTemplate.Author	
standard template author	
standardTemplate.Editor	
standard template editor	
standardTemplate.ReadOnly	
standard template readonly	
systemFile.Author	
System File author	
systemFile.Editor	
System File editor	
systemFile.ReadOnly	
System File readonly	
trigger.Author	
Trigger author	
trigger.Editor	
Trigger editor	
trigger.ReadOnly	
Trigger readonly	
user.Author	
User author	
user.Editor	
User editor	
user.ReadOnly	
User readonly	
validationConfig.Author	
ValidationConfig Author	
validationConfig.Editor	
ValidationConfig Editor	
validationConfig.ReadOnly	
ValidationConfig ReadOnly	
validator.Author	
Validator Author	
validator.Editor	
Validator Editor	
validator.ReadOnly	
Validator  ReadOnly	
vendor.Author	
Vendor author	
vendor.Editor	
Vendor editor	
vendor.ReadOnly	
Vendor readonly	
vendorChargesTemplate.Author	
Vendor Charges Template author	
vendorChargesTemplate.Editor	
Vendor Charges Template editor	
vendorChargesTemplate.ReadOnly	
Vendor Charges Template readonly	
vendorInvoice.Author	
Vendor Invoice author	
vendorInvoice.Editor	
Vendor Invoice editor	
vendorInvoice.ReadOnly	
Vendor Invoice readonly	
viewAdministration.Author	
ViewAdministration author	
viewAdministration.Editor	
ViewAdministration editor	
viewAdministration.ReadOnly	
ViewAdministration readonly	
vpo.Author	
Vendor PO author	
vpo.Editor	
Vendor PO editor	
vpo.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO readonly	
vpoAck.Author	
Vendor PO Ack author	
vpoAck.Editor	
Vendor PO Ack editor	
vpoAck.ReadOnly	
Vendor PO Ack readonly	
vq.Author	
Quotation author	
vq.Editor	
Quotation editor	
vq.ReadOnly	
Quotation readonly	
vq2.Author	
Quotation2 author	
vq2.Editor	
Quotation2 editor	
vq2.ReadOnly	
Quotation2 readonly	
docTag.Author	
Doc Tag author	
docTag.Editor	
Doc Tag editor	
docTag.ReadOnly	
Doc Tag readOnly	
registrationRequest.Author	
RegistrationRequest author	
registrationRequest.Editor	
RegistrationRequest editor	
registrationRequest.ReadOnly	
RegistrationRequest readonly	
contractFile.Author	
Contract File author	
contractFile.Editor	
Contract File editor	
contractFile.ReadOnly	
Contract File readonly	
rfs.Author	
Request for Specification author	
rfs.Editor	
Request for Specification editor	
rfs.ReadOnly	
Request for Specification readonly	
rfi.Author	
Request for Information author	
rfi.Editor	
Request for Information editor	
rfi.ReadOnly	
Request for Information readonly	
inspectReportTemplate.Author	
inspection Report Template Author	
inspectReportTemplate.Editor	
inspection Report Template Editor	
inspectReportTemplate.ReadOnly	
inspection Report Template ReadOnly	
inspectBooking.Author	
Inspection Booking for author	
inspectBooking.Editor	
Inspection Booking for editor	
inspectBooking.ReadOnly	
Inspection Booking for readonly	
inspectReport.Author	
Inspection Report for author	
inspectReport.Editor	
Inspection Report for editor	
inspectReport.ReadOnly	
Inspection Report for readonly	
#end_elem	
condition/t##Conditions	
#begin_elem	
conditionId*	
expression	
customClass	
description	
$ANY	
$ANY	
Default condition, menas can match any condition.	
statusNew	
entity.status = 'new'	
True means document is in New status. False means document is not in New status.	
statusDraft	
entity.status = 'draft'	
True means document is in Draft status. False means document is not in Draft status.	
statusConfirm	
entity.status = 'confirm'	
True means document is in Confirm status. False means document is not in Confirm status.	
statusPending	
entity.status = 'pending'	
True means document is in Pending status. False means document is not in Pending status.	
statusClosed	
entity.status = 'closed'	
True means document is in Closed status. False means document is not in Closed status.	
statusSubmitted	
entity.status = 'submitted'	
True means document is in Submitted status. False means document is not in Submitted status.	
statusCancelled	
entity.status = 'cancelled'	
True means document is in Cancelled status. False means document is not in Cancelled status.	
statusCanceled	
entity.status = 'canceled'	
True means document is in Canceled status. False means document is not in Canceled status.	
statusAgreed	
entity.status = 'agreed'	
True means document is in Agreed status. False means document is not in Agreed status.	
statusWaive	
entity.status = 'waive'	
True means document is in Waive status. False means document is not in Waive status.	
statusApproved	
entity.status = 'approved'	
True means document is in Approved status. False means document is not in Approved status.	
statusConcept	
entity.status = 'concept'	
True means document is in Concept status. False means document is not in Concept status.	
statusCosting	
entity.status = 'costing'	
True means document is in Costing status. False means document is not in Costing status.	
statusAdopted	
entity.status = 'adopted'	
True means document is in Adopted status. False means document is not in Adopted status.	
statusOfficial	
entity.status = 'official'	
True means document is in Offical status. False means document is not in Offical status.	
statusCompleted	
entity.status = 'completed'	
True means document is in Completed status. False means document is not in Completed status.	
statusPublished	
entity.status = 'published'	
True means document is in Published status. False means document is not in Published status.	
statusOpen	
entity.status = 'open'	
True means document is in Open status. False means document is not in Open status.	
statusShortListed	
entity.status = 'shortlisted'	
True means document is in ShortListed status. False means document is not in ShortListed status.	
statusConfirmedToBuy	
entity.status = 'confirmedToBuy'	
True means document is in ConfirmedToBuy status. False means document is not in ConfirmedToBuy status.	
statusIntentToBuy	
entity.status = 'intentToBuy'	
True means document is in IntentToBuy status. False means document is not in IntentToBuy status.	
statusOrdered	
entity.status = 'ordered'	
True means document is in Orfered status. False means document is not in Orfered status.	
statusQuoted	
entity.status = 'quoted'	
True means document is in Quoted status. False means document is not in Quoted status.	
statusDeclinedToResponse	
entity.status = 'declinedToResponse'	
True means document is in DeclinedToResponse status. False means document is not in DeclinedToResponse status.	
statusRejectedToBuy	
entity.status = 'rejectedToBuy'	
True means document is in RejectedToBuy status. False means document is not in RejectedToBuy status.	
statusRequested	
entity.status = 'requested'	
True means document is in RequestedToBuy status. False means document is not in RequestedToBuy status.	
statusInProgress	
entity.status = 'inProgress'	
True means document is in InProgress status. False means document is not in InProgress status.	
statusFinal	
entity.status = 'final'	
True means document is in Final status. False means document is not in Final status.	
statusConfirmed	
entity.status = 'confirmed'	
True means document is in Confirmed status. False means document is not in Confirmed status.	
statusAccepted	
entity.status = 'accepted'	
True means document is in Accepted status. False means document is not in Accepted status.	
statusReceived	
entity.status = 'received'	
True means document is in Received status. False means document is not in Received status.	
statusRejected	
entity.status = 'rejected'	
True means document is in Rejected status. False means document is not in Rejected status.	
statusReleasedToVendor	
entity.status = 'releasedToVendor'	
True means document is in Released To Vendor status. False means document is not in Released To Vendor status.	
statusVendorConfirmed	
entity.status = 'vendorConfirmed'	
True means document is in Vendor Confirmed status. False means document is not in Vendor Confirmed status.	
statusVendorRejected	
entity.status = 'vendorRejected'	
True means document is in Vendor Rejected status. False means document is not in Vendor Rejected status.	
costOver5M	
entity.cost > 5000000	
The value of COST field in document larger than 5000000	
costLess3M	
entity.cost < 3000000	
The value of COST field smaller than 3000000	
statusSaved	
entity.status = 'saved'	
True means document is in Saved status. False means document is not in Saved status.	
statusEnabled	
entity.status = 'enabled'	
True means document is in Enabled status. False means document is not in Enabled status.	
statusDisabled	
entity.status = 'disabled'	
True means document is in Disabled status. False means document is not in Disabled status.	
statusActive	
entity.status = 'active'	
True means document is in Active status. False means document is not in Active status.	
statusInactive	
entity.status = 'inactive'	
True means document is in Inactive status. False means document is not in Inactive status.	
statusPoAccepted	
entity.status = 'poAccepted'	
True means document is in poAccepted status. False means document is not in poAccepted status.	
statusPoRejected	
entity.status = 'poRejected'	
True means document is in poRejected status. False means document is not in poRejected status.	
statusPoChangeProposed	
entity.status = 'poChangeProposed'	
True means document is in poChangeProposed status. False means document is not in poChangeProposed status.	
statusChangAccepted	
entity.status = 'changeAccepted'	
True means document is in changeAccepted status. False means document is not in changeAccepted status.	
statusChangRejected	
entity.status = 'changeRejected'	
True means document is in changeRejected status. False means document is not in changeRejected status.	
docStatusActive	
entity.docStatus = 'active'	
True means document is Active.	
docStatusInactive	
entity.docStatus = 'inactive'	
True means document is Inactive. 	
docStatusCanceled	
entity.docStatus = 'canceled' 	
True means document is Canceled.	
editingStatusDraft	
entity.editingStatus = 'draft'	
Indicate document Editing status is Draft. 	
editingStatusPending	
entity.editingStatus = 'pending'	
True means document Editing status is pending.	
editingStatusConfirmed	
entity.editingStatus = 'confirmed'	
True means document Editing status is Confirmed.	
editingStatusDeploying	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploying'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploying.	
editingStatusDeploySucceed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deploySucceed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy succeed.	
editingStatusDeployFailed	
entity.editingStatus = 'deployFailed'	
True means document Editing status is hot deploy failed.	
internalStatusNew	
null != entity.?internalStatus	
True means document internalStatus is not null. That means the document is a new created document but not saved into database.	
internalStatusUnlocked	
null = entity.?lockingStatus	
True means document lockingStatus null. It means document is not locked by anyone.	
internalStatusLocked	
entity.lockingStatus = '$locked'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. User locked the document, system will set this field to $locked, so if the condition is true, means document is locked by user.	
internalStatusLockedByOthers	
entity.lockingStatus = '$lockedByOthers'	
lockingStatus is a runtime status. This condition means there are other users locked the document.	
isSet	
entity.isSet = true	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is a set of item. False: means item document is solo item.	
isItem	
entity.isSet = false	
Use to indicate item document is solo item or a set of item. True: means item document is solo item. False: means item document is a set of item.	
notChildItem	
enitty.setId = null	
True means document is a solo item; False means document  is child of one item set.	
statusSourcing	
entity.status = 'sourcing'	
True means document is in Sourcing status. False means document is not in Sourcing status.	
notRootDomain	
entity.id != '/'	
The validation should be skip for parentId when the domain Id is root domain.	
rootDocument	
entity.domainId = '/'	
The domain is in root domain	
notRootDocument	
entity.domainId != '/'	
The domain is not in root domain	
domainNotMatch	
entity.domainId != user.domainId	
The domain is not match	
domainAndHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.hierarchy,entity.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.hierarchy, entity.hierarchyHcl.	
domainAndLinkObjHclMatch	
isOrChildOfUserHclNodes(entity.itemId.hierarchy,entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl)	
Means user owned hierarchy nodes contains also the node defined in entity.itemId.hierarchy, entity.itemId.hierarchyHcl.	
validateCpmTaskStatus	
entity.updateStatus.name = 'Rejected'	
The CPM updateStatus is Rejected	
cpmTemplStaticType	
entity.cpmTemplType=1	
The CPM template type is static type	
cpmTemplDynamicType	
entity.cpmTemplType=2	
The CPM template type is dynamic type	
notCurrentUser	
entity.loginId != user.loginId	
User is not current login user	
hclNotEmpty	
entity.hierarchy != null	
HCL is not empty	
isProjectItemsNotEmpty	
entity.?projectItems != null && entity.projectItems.size()>0	
project entity has items	
vqVendorNameNotEmpty	
entity.vendorId != null	
Quatation vender name is not empty	
costGridNotAllowEdit	
entity.allowAddDeleteElements = false	
The cost grid in costing document form does NOT allow to be editted	
costSheetNoCalError	
entity.calError = false	
Indicate the calculation process of costing document is success or not. True means no error happened in calculation process. False means the calculation failed and get some error.	
isShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = true	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the Quotation document is in "Shortlisted"	
isNotShortlisted	
entity.shortListed = false||entity.shortListed = null	
To indicate whether the quotation document is marked as "Shortlisted". True means the quotation is not in "Shortlisted"	
isDefaultItem	
entity.isDefaultItem=true	
True means item document is default item of some brief documents. False means item document is not default item of some brief documents	
basisMatchToFixed	
entity.basis='FIXED'	
Document field BASIS value is  "FIXED"	
statusCustomsFilingAccepted	
entity.status = 'customsFilingAccepted'	
True means document is in CustomsFilingAccepted status. False means document is not in CustomsFilingAccepted status.	
statusShipmentOnBoard	
entity.status = 'shipmentOnBoard'	
True means document is in ShipmentOnBoard status. False means document is not in ShipmentOnBoard status.	
statusDocumentsUploaded	
entity.status = 'documentsUploaded'	
True means document is in DocumentsUploaded status. False means document is not in DocumentsUploaded status.	
statusShipmentClosed	
entity.status = 'shipmentClosed'	
True means document is in ShipmentClosed status. False means document is not in ShipmentClosed status.	
statusAllInvoiceIssued	
entity.status = 'allInvoiceIssued'	
True means document is in AllInvoiceIssued status. False means document is not in AllInvoiceIssued status.	
isDisabled	
entity.isDisabled=false	
Document field isDisabled value is "false". It means document is not disabled.	
validateHexCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HEX'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HEX	
validateRgbCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='RGB'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is RGB	
validateCmykCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='CMYK'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is CMYK	
validateHsvCode	
entity.codeType.refNo='HSV'	
Use to validate color code type of color document is HSV	
hasItem	
entity.itemId != null	
The document has Item document.	
isNotExternalUpdatedMode	
null = entity.?isExternalUpdatedMode	
True means the document updated by hub domain user. 	
isExternalUpdatedMode	
entity.isExternalUpdatedMode = true	
True means the document updated by external domain user.	
isExternalDomain	
entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is external domain.False means the domain is not external domain.	
isHubDomain	
entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
True means the domain is a hub domain which contains at least one external domain.	
isNewEntity	
entity.isNewEntity() = true && entity.status = null	
The document is new created document and not set status yet.	
isNotLatest	
entity.isLatest != null && entity.isLatest = false	
The document is not latest version document.	
isNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = true	
The entity is a new created entity.	
cpoItemWithColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()>0 && entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()>0	
The Customer PO item has color and size.	
cpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.cpoItemId=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor=null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize =null||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.cpoItemId.cpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Customer PO item does not have color and size.	
vpoItemWithoutColorSize	
entity.vpoItemId=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor=null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize =null||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemColor.size()=0 ||entity.vpoItemId.vpoItemSize.size()=0	
The Vendor PO item does not have color and size.	
isAvailable	
entity.enabled = true	
Use to validate Custom Field module. If Available field is checked, the Field Label is mandatory in Custom Fields grid.	
isMpoVendorAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null &&  entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.vendor !=null	
isMpoCustomerAndMpoItemsNotEmpty	
entity.mpoItems!=null && entity.mpoItems.size() > 0 && entity.customer !=null	
nameDefaultRole	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_ROLE'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
nameDefaultGroup	
entity.name = '$DEFAULT_GROUP'	
While matched, mark the name field of the doc to readonly.	
isNotFromMultipleVendors	
entity.isFromMultipleVendors = null || entity.isFromMultipleVendors = false 	
Use to validate Vendor Field in shipment booking / shipment advice header level. False means the field is mandatory.	
isListingView	
entity.baseViewCategory = 'listing'	
While matched, mark targetModule and targetElement  fields of the doc to readonly.	
aprvsRequiredMatchToAny	
entity.aprvsRequired.name='Any'	
Document field aprvsRequired value is  "Any"	
isNotifyStageAvailable	
entity.notifyStageAvailable=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageAvailable field is checked, the notifyStageAvailableProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageApproved	
entity.notifyStageApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageApproved field is checked, the notifyStageApprovedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyStageRejected	
entity.notifyStageRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyStageRejected field is checked, the notifyStageRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileApproved	
entity.notifyProfileApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileApproved field is checked, the notifyProfileApprovedProfile section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileRejected	
entity.notifyProfileRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileRejected field is checked, the notifyProfileRejectedProfiles section is mandatory.	
isNotifyProfileWithdrawn	
entity.notifyProfileWithdrawn=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If NotifyProfileWithdrawn field is checked, the notifyProfileWithdrawnProfiles section is mandatory.	
isInvokeApproved	
entity.invokeApproved=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeApproved field is checked, the invokeApprovedClass field is mandatory.	
isInvokeRejected	
entity.invokeRejected=true	
Use to validate Approval Template module. If InvokeRejected field is checked, the invokeRejectedClass field is mandatory.	
isCheckedPrintForm	
entity.isPrintForm=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the printForm field is checked, the print forms field is mandatory.	
isCheckedExportTemplate	
entity.isExportTemplate=true	
Use to validate Notificaton module. If the exportTemplate  field is checked, the export templates field is mandatory.	
isNotImportCodelistBook 	
null = entity.?isImportCodelistBook || entity.isImportCodelistBook=false	
Use to validate codelist module. If isImportCodelistBook = true then not to do the validator : ExpressionValidator when save codelist	
isHeaderHclReadOnly	
isHeaderHCLReadOnly(entity)	
According to reference item to decide Header's hcl section whether display read only. If no any reference item exists will display editable, else display reads only.	
isAttrKeyEqualsBookName	
entity.attrKey='bookName'	
Check is AttrKey equals bookName for dataListTypeItemAttr.	
matchAllClassification	
matchAllClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, user's header classification contain ALL values of the document's header classification.	
matchAnyClassification	
matchAnyClassification(entity.productCategory)	
For each common field, ANY values match between user's header classification and document's header classification	
isClassificationSecurityMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode()	
The security mode is classification mode.	
isHclSecurityMode	
isHclSecurityMode()	
The security mode is HCL mode.	
notCreatorAndNotPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = false	
Use to validate note module. edit need check creator and not is private.	
notCreatorAndIsPrivate	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser && entity.isPrivate = true	
Use to validate note module. read data need check creator and is private.	
isCreator	
entity.createUser = user.loginUser	
notCreator	
entity.createUser != user.loginUser	
isCheckedContacts	
entity.toContacts=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. if document contacts field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isCheckedResponsibleParties	
entity.toResponsibleParties=true	
Use to validate Notification profile. If responsible parties field is checked, the type selection is mandatory	
isFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker=true	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
notFromSampleTracker	
entity.isFromSampleTracker =null||entity.isFromSampleTracker=false	
Use to open do sample request. If sample request create in sample tracker doc, then it will open as Popup.SampleRequestST.	
isNotEvaluateForItemSample	
entity.evaluationType!='EF01'	
Use to hanlde the security part for sample evaluation 's fit assessment tab.Current sampl evaluation's Evaluation for != Item Sample	
isNotNewDoc	
entity.newEntity = false	
False means document has been saved into DB	
isDataListTypeItemAvailable	
entity.enabled=true	
Use to validate Data List Type module. If Available field is checked, the fieldLabel is mandatory	
isSpecRequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true	
If Mandatory field is checked, the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Spec - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
isDefault	
entity.isDefault=true	
Use to validate Agreement Template is default.	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST	
isSampleEvaluationReadOnlyFromST(entity)	
According to sample version in sampletracker whether sample evaluation display read only. If sample version is latest, sample evaluation will display editable, else display reads only.	
isWithVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=true	
True means Vendor doc with vendor access	
isWithoutVendorAccess	
entity.isVendorAccess=false	
True means Vendor doc without vendor access	
isNotVendorDomain	
!isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is not a vendor Domain.	
isVendorDomain	
isVendorDomain()	
Use to validate current workingDomain is VendorDomain. If true, the current working domain is vendor Domain.	
matchWorkingAndUserDomain	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && entity.domainId = user.domainId	
validate whether the current user is internal.	
isForumExternalUser	
entity.hubDomainId = user.workingDomainId && existInForumExternalParty(entity)	
validate whether the current user is external.	
notMatchWorkingDomain	
entity.hubDomainId != user.workingDomainId	
Neither forum internal user nor forum external user.	
isDocumentFieldsChecked	
entity.isDocumentFields =true	
Use to validate Notification Profile. If Document Fields is checked, the Emails Fields selection is mandatory.	
isHubDomainAndClassificationMode	
isClassificationSecurityMode() && entity.domainId = entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validation field in hub domain and classification security mode . Such as if domain is hub domain and the security mode is classification, the classification field should be mandatory.	
isPlannedInpectDateCondition	
entity.plannedInspectDate < daysAfterToday(2) && entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check daysAfterToday	
statusScheduled	
entity.status = 'scheduled'	
Use to inspectBooking check workflow status equals 'scheduled'	
isInspectionFormatByLotWithPOM	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true && entity.inspectFormat='ITEM')	
Use to inspectReport Only display the measurement summary in header when the format is item and the item has POM	
isContainMeasurement	
!(entity.isContainMeasurement=true)	
Use to inspectReport check inspectFormat  whether to display measurement tab	
isNotCpmForVendor	
!isCpmForVendor() && entity.domainId != null && entity.hubDomainId != null && entity.domainId != entity.hubDomainId	
Use to validate if aLL connected Vendor can see/edit the initialized CPM or not.if true,CPM function will be not granted to ALL connected Vendors.	
isSpectReportFail	
entity.inspectResult = 'FA'	
Use inspec report result, if it's Fail, then fail reason is manditory.	
isRateTableNotEmpty	
null!=entity.altExRateSource	
Costing Template Rate Table not empty	
statusRevisionRequired	
entity.status = 'revisionRequired'	
True means document is in RevisionRequired status. False means document is not in RevisionRequired status.	
isVq2Version	
isVq2Version()	
Check the VQ Version, True means the current VQ version is 2	
hasShortlistedTag	
hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted')	
Use to hide [Shortilisted] and show  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
notHasShortlistedTag	
!(hasSystemTag(entity, 'Shortlisted'))	
Use to show [Shortilisted] and hide  [Remove from Shortlisted]  according to  this condition in VQ2 form	
isVq2RequirementMandatory	
entity.mandatory=true&&entity.dataType!=null&&entity.dataType!='Checkbox'	
If Mandatory field is checked and Detail is not checkBox type,the Detail field should do the mandatory validation in Vq2 - Requirements tab - Requirements grid.	
#end_elem	
group/t##Group	
#begin_elem	
group	
groupDescription	
$DEFAULT_GROUP	
Deafult Group	
ADMINISTRATORS	
Admin Group	
MANAGERS	
USERS	
BUYER_GRP	
PLANNER_GRP	
PRODEV_GRP	
DESIG_GRP	
TDESIG_GRP	
ADESIG_GRP	
QA_GRP	
SMER_GRP	
MER_GRP	
INSP_GRP	
FIN_GRP	
SYS_GRP	
DOMS_GRP	
DOMA_GRP	
LOGIS_GRP	
MD_GRP	
GAL_GRP	
MAL_GRP	
CATEGORY_MANAGER_GRP	
KEY_ACCOUNTANT_GRP	
vendors	
facts	
custs	
forwarders	
READONLY_GRP	
READONLY_GRP	
EDITOR	
READER	
#end_elem	
auditTemplate/t##Action	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
description	
auditTemplateId*	
auditExtraValue	
auditCustomizedHandler	
auditModuleId	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.UserSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
user	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.SaveAndConfirm	
template_audit_userSaveDoc	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.GroupSaveDocAuditMessageHandler	
group	
com.core.cbx.action.actionContext.Login	
template_audit_login	
com.core.cbx.logging.handler.LoginAuditMessageHandler	
#end_elem	
ui_action/t##UIAction	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
actionId*	
#end_elem	
navi/t##NaviModule	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
modules	
home	
Home	
TRUE	
0.0	
all,cpm,aprvProfile,notification,forum,externalDocument	
plan	
Plans	
Plans	
1.0	
program,project,offersheet	
design	
Design	
Design	
1.0	
item,labelProfile,spec,color,component,project,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork,pattern,artwork,artworkPalette	
product	
Products	
Products	
1.0	
item,spec,catalog,pattern,project,color,component,labelProfile,artwork,artworkPalette,colorPalette,materialPalette,packaging,packagingArtwork	
sourcing	
Sourcing	
Sourcing	
1.0	
vq,vq2,rfq,brief,project,program,rfs,rfi	
order	
Orders	
Orders	
1.0	
offersheet,mpo,cpo,vpo,vpoAck,project	
quality	
Quality	
Quality	
1.0	
factAudit,inspectcheck,qc,sampleRequest,sampleTracker,sampleEvaluation,correctiveActionPlans,inspectBooking,inspectReport	
logistics	
Logistics	
Logistics	
1.0	
shipmentBooking,shipmentAdvice	
finance	
Finance	
Finance	
1.0	
custInv,vendorInvoice,letterOfCredit,claim	
master	
Masters	
Masters	
1.0	
fact,vendor,qcchecklisttemplate,cust,cpmTempl,factoryAuditTemplate,aprvTempl,reqTempl,costTempl,sizeTemplate,forwarder,measurementTemplate,materialRequestTemplate,sampleRequestTemplate,documentRequestTemplate,evaluationTemplate,vendorChargesTemplate,materialAttributeTemplate,compTempl,agreementTemplate,contractFile,inspectReportTemplate	
setup	
Admin	
Admin	
1.0	
accessObject,hcl,cpmTaskTempl,hclType,trigger,domain,cbxSample,user,condition,notificationProfile,custFieldDef,dataListType,lookup,codelist,role,group,defaultProfile,systemFile,personalizeView,printFormExportTemplate,viewAdministration,externalAccessRequest,partyTemplate,entityConfig,validationConfig,registrationRequest,invitationRequest	
trainingAmos	
Training Amos	
Training	
1.0	
colorAmos	
#end_elem	
##NaviEntry	
( * means mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
id*	
label	
naviModuleId*	
type	
entryGroup	
action	
actionParams	
isDefault	
viewName	
dashboardLabel	
showInDashboard	
dashboardSeqNo	
defaultForModule	
internalSeqNo	
trainingAmosGroup	
Training Amos Group	
trainingAmos	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
1.0	
colorAmos	
Color Amos	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
true	
colorAmosView	
1.0	
colorAmos	
1.0	
colorAmos2	
Color Amos2	
trainingAmos	
Entry	
trainingAmosGroup	
colorAmos2View	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectGroup	
Projects	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planProjectNew	
New	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planProject	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
planProjectItem	
Existing Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planProjectNewItem	
New Items	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
planProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
planProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
planProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
programGroup	
Programs	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
programActive	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
true	
programActiveView	
Active Programs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
program	
All	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
programImages	
Images	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
programAttachments	
Attachments	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
programStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
programStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
programStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
programStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
programStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
programStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
programStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
programStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
programStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
programStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
programGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
planOffersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
plan	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsActive 	
Active	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
planOfferSheetsDraft	
Draft	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
planOffersheet	
All	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
planOfferSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
planOsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
planOsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
planOsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
planOsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
planOsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
planOsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
planOsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
planOsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
planOsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
planOsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
plan	
Entry	
planOffersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectGroup	
Projects	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
true	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
projectNew	
New	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
projectSourcing	
Sourcing	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
projectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
projectOrdered	
Ordered	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
project	
All	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
projectItem	
Existing Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
projectNewItem	
New Items	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
projectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
projectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
projectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
projectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
projectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
projectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
projectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
projectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
projectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
projectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
projectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemGroup	
Items	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemConcept	
Concept	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemCosting	
Costing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemAdopted	
Adopted	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemFinalized	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItem	
All	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
designItemCustomer	
Customers	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemsPricing	
Pricing	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemRelated	
Item Related	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSKU	
SKU	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designItemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
designItemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
designItemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
designItemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
designItemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
designItemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
designItemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
designItemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designItemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
designSpecGroup	
Specifications	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designItemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designItemSpecFinal	
Final	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designItemSpec	
All	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designItemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designSpecGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designColorGroup	
Colors	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColor	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
designColorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPatternGroup	
Pattern	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPattern	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPatternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPatternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designComponentGroup	
Materials	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designComponent	
All	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designComponentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designComponentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designLabelGroup	
Labels	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designLabelProfile	
All	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designLabelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designLabelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designCpmItemActive	
Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designCpmItemAll	
Items All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
designCpmComponentActive	
Materials Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designCpmComponentAll	
Materials All	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
componentCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designCpmProjectActive	
Project Items Active	
design	
Entry	
designCpmGroup	
projectItemCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkGroup	
Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designArtworkPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designArtworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designArtworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designColorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designColorPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designColorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designColorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designMaterialPalette	
All	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designMaterialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designMaterialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingGroup	
Packaging	
design	
EntryGroup	
12.0	
designPackagingActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackaging	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
design	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
designPackagingArtworkActive	
Active	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
designPackagingArtwork	
All	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
designPackagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
design	
Entry	
designPackagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectGroup	
Projects	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
prodProjectNew	
New	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
prodProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
prodProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
prodProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
prodProject	
All	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
prodProjectItem	
Existing Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
prodProjectNewItem	
New Items	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
prodProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
prodProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
prodProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
prodProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
prodProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
prodProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
prodProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
prodProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
prodProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
prodProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
prodProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemGroup	
Items	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
true	
itemActiveView 	
Active Items	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
itemConcept	
Concept	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemConceptView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemCosting	
Costing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCostingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemAdopted	
Adopted	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemAdoptedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemFinalized	
Final	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemFinalizedView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
item	
All	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemView	
0.0	
0.0	
item	
6.0	
itemCustomer	
Customers	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemCustomerView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemsSpecifications	
Specifications	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
specificationsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemsPricing	
Pricing	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemPricingView	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemRelated	
Item Related	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemRelatedView	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSKU	
SKU	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemSKUView	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
itemForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
itemForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
itemForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
itemForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
itemForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
itemForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
itemForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
itemForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
itemGroup	
itemForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
specGroup	
Specifications	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
itemSpecInProgress	
In-Progress	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecInProgressView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
itemSpecFinal	
Final	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecFinalView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
itemSpec	
All	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
itemSpecView 	
0.0	
0.0	
spec	
3.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemSpecForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
specGroup	
specStats10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogGroup	
Catalogs	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
showroom	
Showroom	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
showroomView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
detailedPrice	
Detailed Price List	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
detailedPriceView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
catalogActive	
Admin - Active	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogActiveView	
Active Catalogs	
1.0	
3.0	
3.0	
catalog	
Admin - All	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogView	
0.0	
0.0	
catalog	
4.0	
catalogForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
catalogForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
catalogForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
catalogForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
catalogForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
catalogForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
catalogForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
catalogForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
catalogForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
catalogForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
catalogGroup	
catalogForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
colorGroup	
Colors	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorActiveView	
Active Colors	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
color	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorView	
0.0	
0.0	
color	
2.0	
colorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorGroup	
colorForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
patternGroup	
Pattern	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternActiveView	
Active Patterns	
1.0	
12.0	
1.0	
pattern	
All	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternView	
0.0	
0.0	
pattern	
2.0	
patternForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
patternForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
patternForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
patternForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
patternForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
patternForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
patternForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
patternForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
patternForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
patternForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
patternGroup	
patternForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
componentGroup	
Materials	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentActiveView	
Active Materials	
1.0	
5.0	
1.0	
component	
All	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentView	
0.0	
0.0	
component	
2.0	
componentForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
componentForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
componentForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
componentForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
componentForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
componentForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
componentForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
componentForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
componentForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
componentForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
componentGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
labelGroup	
Labels	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelActiveView 	
Active Labels	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
labelProfile	
All	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labProView	
0.0	
0.0	
labelProfile	
2.0	
labelForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
labelForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
labelForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
labelForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
labelForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
labelForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
labelForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
labelForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
labelForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
labelForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
labelGroup	
labelForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
itemCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpmItemActive	
Items Active	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmItemAll	
Items All	
product	
Entry	
itemCpmGroup	
itemCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
artworkGroup	
Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkActiveView	
Active Artwork	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
artwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
artwork	
2.0	
artworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkGroup	
artworkForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
artworkPaletteGroup	
Artwork Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteActiveView	
Active Artwork Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
artworkPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
artworkPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
artworkPalette	
2.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
artworkPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
artworkPaletteGroup	
awpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteGroup	
Color Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
colorPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteActiveView 	
Active Color Palettes	
1.0	
8.0	
1.0	
colorPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
colorPalette	
2.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
colorPaletteGroup	
colorPaletteForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
materialPaletteGroup	
Material Palettes	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
materialPaletteActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteActiveView	
Active Material Palettes	
1.0	
9.0	
1.0	
materialPalette	
All	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
materialPaletteView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialPalette	
2.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
materialPaletteForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
materialPaletteGroup	
componentForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingGroup	
Packaging	
product	
EntryGroup	
14.0	
packagingActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingActiveView	
Active Packaging	
1.0	
10.0	
1.0	
packaging	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingView	
0.0	
0.0	
packaging	
2.0	
packagingForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingGroup	
packagingForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
packagingArtworkGroup	
Packaging Artwork	
product	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
packagingArtworkActive	
Active	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkActiveView	
Active Packaging Artwork	
1.0	
11.0	
1.0	
packagingArtwork	
All	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkView	
0.0	
0.0	
packagingArtwork	
2.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
packagingArtworkForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
product	
Entry	
packagingArtworkGroup	
packagingArtworkStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramGroup	
Programs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgramActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
srcProgram	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programView	
0.0	
0.0	
program	
2.0	
srcProgramImages	
Images	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programImagesView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProgramAttachments	
Attachments	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programAttachmentsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProgramStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProgramStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
srcProgramStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProgramStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProgramStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProgramStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProgramStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProgramStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProgramStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProgramStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProgramGroup	
programStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectGroup	
Projects	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
Active Projects	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
srcProjectNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
srcProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
srcProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
srcProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
srcProject	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
srcProjectItem	
Existing Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
srcProjectNewItem	
New Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
srcProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
srcProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
srcProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
srcProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
srcProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
srcProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
srcProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
srcProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
srcProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
srcProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
srcProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
briefGroup	
Briefs	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
briefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
true	
briefActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
briefNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
briefSourcing 	
Sourcing	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefSourcingView	
Sourcing Briefs	
1.0	
2.0	
3.0	
briefShortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefShortlistedView	
Shortlisted Briefs	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
briefConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Briefs	
1.0	
3.0	
5.0	
brief	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefView	
0.0	
0.0	
brief	
6.0	
briefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
briefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
briefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
briefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
briefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
briefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
briefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
briefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
briefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
briefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
briefGroup	
briefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfiGroup	
Request for Informations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
rfiAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiAllView	
All RFIs	
1.0	
4.0	
rfi	
1.0	
rfiItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
rfiVendors	
Vendors	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfiVendorsItems	
Vendors' Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfiGroup	
rfiVendorsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sourcingCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmBriefActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmBriefAll	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
sourcingCpmGroup	
briefCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vqGroup	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vqQuoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqQuotedView 	
Received Quotations	
1.0	
5.0	
2.0	
vqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vqDelToRe	
Declined to Respond	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqDelToReView 	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vqConToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqConToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vqRejToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqRejToBuyView 	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vqActive	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqView	
0.0	
0.0	
vq	
17.0	
vqCostSheet	
Cost Sheet	
sourcing	
Entry	
vqGroup	
vqCostSheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vq2Group	
Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2ActiveView	
Active	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ActiveView	
Active Quotations	
1.0	
7.0	
1.0	
vq2Quoted	
Quoted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2QuotedView	
Received Quotations 	
1.0	
8.0	
2.0	
vq2RevisionRequired	
Revision Required	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RevisionRequiredView	
Revision Required Quotations	
1.0	
9.0	
3.0	
vq2ConfirmToBuy	
Confirmed to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ConfirmToBuyView	
Confirmed to Buy Quotations	
1.0	
10.0	
4.0	
vq2RejectedToBuy	
Rejected to Buy	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2RejectedToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vq2Shortlisted	
Shortlisted	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ShortlistedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vq2	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2View	
All Quotations	
1.0	
6.0	
vq2	
7.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 01	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 02	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 03	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 04	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 05	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 06	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 07	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 08	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 09	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vq2ForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
vq2Group	
vq2ForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
rfqGroup	
Request for Quotations	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqNew	
New	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqNewView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfqRequested	
Requested	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqRequestedView 	
Requested RFQs	
1.0	
4.0	
2.0	
rfq	
All	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqView	
0.0	
0.0	
rfq	
3.0	
rfqItem	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemQTView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
Item by Vendor	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqVendorItemvq2View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
rfqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
rfqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
rfqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
rfqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfqGroup	
rfqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
rfsGroup	
Request for Specifications	
sourcing	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsItems	
Items	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
rfsItemsLatest	
Items-Latest	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsItemsLatestView	
Latest RFS Items	
1.0	
1.0	
rfs	
2.0	
rfsForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
rfsForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
rfsForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
rfsForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
rfsForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
rfsForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
rfsForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
rfsForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
rfsForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
rfsForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
sourcing	
Entry	
rfsGroup	
rfsForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectGroup	
Projects	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
orderProjectNew	
New	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
orderProjectSourcing	
Sourcing	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectSourcingView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
orderProjectIntentToBuy	
Intent To Buy	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectIntentToBuyView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
orderProjectOrdered	
Ordered	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectOrderedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
orderProject	
All	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectView	
0.0	
0.0	
project	
6.0	
orderProjectItem	
Existing Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
orderProjectNewItem	
New Items	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectNewItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
orderProjectStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
orderProjectStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
orderProjectStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
orderProjectStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
orderProjectStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
orderProjectStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
orderProjectStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
orderProjectStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
orderProjectStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
orderProjectStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
orderProjectGroup	
projectStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
cpoGroup	
Customer Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
true	
cpoActiveView 	
Active Customer POs	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
cpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpo	
3.0	
cpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
cpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
cpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
cpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
cpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
cpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
cpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
cpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
cpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
cpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
cpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
cpoGroup	
cpoForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
offersheetGroup	
Customer Offer Sheets	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
offerSheetsActive 	
Active	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsActiveView 	
Active Customer Offer Sheets	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
offerSheetsDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
offersheet	
All	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offersheetView	
0.0	
0.0	
offersheet	
3.0	
offerSheetsItems	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
offerSheetsItemsView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
osForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
osForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
osForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
osForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
osForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
osForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
osForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
osForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
osForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
osForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
offersheetGroup	
osForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
mpoGroup	
Vendor Master Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor Master Orders	
1.0	
3.0	
1.0	
mpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
mpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
mpo	
3.0	
mpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
mpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
mpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
mpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
mpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
mpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
mpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
mpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
mpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
mpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
mpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
mpoGroup	
mpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoGroup	
Vendor Purchase Orders	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoActiveView 	
Active Vendor POs	
1.0	
4.0	
1.0	
vpoDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoOfficial	
Official	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOfficialView	
Official Vendor POs	
1.0	
5.0	
3.0	
vpoReleasedToVendor	
Released to Vendor	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoReleasedToVendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoVendorConfirmed	
Vendor Confirmed	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorConfirmedView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoVendorRejected	
Vendor Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoVendorRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpo	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpo	
7.0	
vpoForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoQtyItem	
Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
vpoOsQtyByItem	
O/S Qty by Item	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
vpoQtyShip	
Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoQtyShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
vpoOsQtyByShip 	
O/S Qty by Shipment	
order	
Entry	
vpoGroup	
vpoOsQtyByShipView 	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
vpoAckGroup	
Vendor Purchase Order Acks	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckActive	
Active	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckActiveView 	
Active Vendor PO Acks	
1.0	
6.0	
1.0	
vpoAckDraft	
Draft	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vpoAckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vpoAckPOAccepted	
PO Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vpoAckPORejected	
PO Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPORejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vpoAckPOChangeProposed	
PO Change Proposed	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckPOChangeProposedView	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vpoAckChangeAccepted	
Change Accepted	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeAcceptedView	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vpoAckChangeRejected	
Change Rejected	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckChangeRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
vpoAck	
All	
order	
Entry	
vpoAckGroup	
vpoAckView	
0.0	
0.0	
vpoAck	
18.0	
cpmGroup	
Critical Path	
order	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
cpmCpoActive	
Customer POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cpmCpoAll	
Customer POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
cpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
cpmVpoActive	
Vendor POs Active	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmActiveView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
cpmVpoAll	
Vendor POs All	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmAllView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
cpmVpoItemColors	
Vendor PO Item Colors	
order	
Entry	
cpmGroup	
vpoCpmItemColorView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestGroup	
Sample Request	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
sampleRequestAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestAllView	
Sample Request	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleRequest	
1.0	
sampleRequestDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleRequestStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleRequestStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleRequestStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleRequestStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleRequestStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleRequestStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleRequestStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleRequestStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleRequestStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleRequestStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleRequestGroup	
sampleRequestStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleTrackerGroup	
Sample Tracker	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerAll	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
true	
sampleTrackerAllView	
Sample Tracker	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleTracker	
1.0	
sampleTrackerDetails	
Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleTrackerStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleTrackerStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleTrackerStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleTrackerStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleTrackerStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleTrackerStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleTrackerStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleTrackerStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleTrackerStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleTrackerStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleTrackerGroup	
sampleTrackerStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
Sample Evaluation	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
sampleEvaluation	
All	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
true	
sampleEvaluationView	
Sample Evaluation	
1.0	
1.0	
sampleEvaluation	
1.0	
sampleEvaluationDetails	
Evaluation Details	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationDetailsView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
sampleEvaluationStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
sampleEvaluationGroup	
sampleEvaluationStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
qcGroup	
Quality Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
true	
qcActiveView 	
Active Quality Checklists	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
qc	
All	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcView	
0.0	
0.0	
qc	
2.0	
qcItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
qcStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
qcStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
qcStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
qcStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
qcStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
qcStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
qcStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
qcStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
qcStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
qcStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
qcGroup	
qcStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
icGroup	
Inspection Checklists	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckActive 	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckActiveView 	
Active Inspection Checklists	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
inspectcheck	
All	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectcheck	
2.0	
inspectcheckItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspetchkItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
icGroup	
inspeCheckForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingGroup	
Inspection Bookings	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingActiveView	
Active Inspection Bookings	
1.0	
3.0	
inspectBooking	
1.0	
inspectBooking	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectBookingItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectBookingMyBooking	
My Bookings	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
inspectBookingMyBookingView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
inspectBookingrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectBookingGroup	
ibForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
inspectReportGroup	
Inspection Reports	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportActiveView	
Active Inspection Reports	
1.0	
4.0	
inspectReport	
1.0	
inspectReport	
All	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
inspectReportItem	
Items	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
inspectReportItemView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
inspectReportForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
inspectReportGroup	
irForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factAuditGroup	
Factory Audits 	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAutitsActive	
Active	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAutitsActiveView 	
Active Factory Audits	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
factAudit	
All	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditView	
0.0	
0.0	
factAudit	
2.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factAuditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
factAuditGroup	
factAuditForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
Corrective Action Plans	
quality	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
All	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansView 	
Corrective Action Plans	
1.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlans	
1.0	
correctiveActionPlansIssues	
Issues	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansIssuesView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
quality	
Entry	
correctiveActionPlansGroup	
correctiveActionPlansForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
Shipment Advices	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
true	
shipmentAdviceActiveView	
Active Shipment Advices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentAdvice	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentAdvice	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentAdviceStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentAdviceGroup	
shipmentAdviceStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
shipmentBookingGroup	
Shipment Bookings	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBookingActive	
Active	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingActiveView	
Active Shipment Bookings	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
shipmentBookingDraft	
Draft	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingDraftView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
shipmentBooking	
All	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingView	
0.0	
0.0	
shipmentBooking	
3.0	
shipmentBookingQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
shipmentBookingStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
shipmentBookingStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
shipmentBookingStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
shipmentBookingStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
shipmentBookingStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
shipmentBookingStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
shipmentBookingStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
shipmentBookingStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
shipmentBookingStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
shipmentBookingStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
logistics	
Entry	
shipmentBookingGroup	
shipmentBookingStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
logisticsCpmGroup	
Critical Path	
logistics	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmActive	
Shipment Advices Active	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
shipmentAdviceCpmAll	
Shipment Advices All	
logistics	
Entry	
logisticsCpmGroup	
shipmentAdviceCpmAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInvGroup	
Customer Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custInvActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
true	
custInvActiveView 	
Active Customer Invoices	
1.0	
1.0	
1.0	
custInvDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
custInv	
All	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvView	
0.0	
0.0	
custInv	
3.0	
custInvQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
custInvForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custInvForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custInvForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custInvForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custInvForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custInvForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custInvForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custInvForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custInvForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custInvForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
custInvGroup	
custInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
Vendor Invoices	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoiceActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceActiveView 	
Active Vendor Invoices	
1.0	
2.0	
1.0	
vendorInvoiceDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorInvoice	
All	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorInvoice	
3.0	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItem	
Qty by Item	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvoiceQtyByItemView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorInvoiceForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
vendorInvoiceGroup	
vendorInvForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
letterOfCreditGroup	
Letters of Credit	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
letterOfCreditActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditActiveView 	
Active Letters of Credit	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
letterOfCreditDraft	
Draft	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditDraftView 	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
letterOfCredit	
All	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditView	
0.0	
0.0	
letterOfCredit	
3.0	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrder	
Amount by Order	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
letterOfCreditAmtByOrderView	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
letterOfCreditForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
letterOfCreditGroup	
lCForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
claimGroup	
Claims	
finance	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimActive	
Active	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimActiveView 	
Active Claims	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
claim	
All	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimView	
0.0	
0.0	
claim	
2.0	
claimForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
claimForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
claimForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
claimForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
claimForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
claimForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
claimForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
claimForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
claimForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
claimForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
finance	
Entry	
claimGroup	
claimCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custGroup	
Customers	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
custActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
true	
custActiveView 	
Active Customers	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
cust	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custView	
0.0	
0.0	
cust	
2.0	
custAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
custContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
customerVendors	
Customer's Vendors	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
customerVendorsView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
custForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
custForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
custForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
custForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
custForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
custForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
custForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
custForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
custForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
custForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
custGroup	
custForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorGroup	
Vendors	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
vendorActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorActiveView 	
Active Vendors	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
vendor	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendor	
2.0	
vendorAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
vendorContact 	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
vendorCustomers	
Vendor's Customers	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomersView	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
vendorFacts	
Vendor's Factories	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorFactsView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
vendorAgreements	
Vendor's Agreements	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorAgreementsView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
vendorForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
vendorForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
vendorForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
vendorForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
vendorForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
vendorForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
vendorForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
vendorForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
vendorForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
vendorForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
vendorGroup	
vendorCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
factGroup	
Factories	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factActiveView 	
Active Factories	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
fact	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factView	
0.0	
0.0	
fact	
2.0	
factAddr	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
factContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
factVendor	
Vendors	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factVendorView 	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
factForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
factForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
factForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
factForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
factForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
factForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
factForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
factForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
factForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
factForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
factGroup	
factForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
forwGroup	
Forwarders	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwActive	
Active Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwActiveView	
Active Forwarders	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
forw	
All Profiles	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwView	
0.0	
0.0	
forwarder	
2.0	
forwAdd	
Addresses	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwAddrView 	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
forwContact	
Contacts	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwContactView 	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
forwForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
forwForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
forwForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
forwForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
forwForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
forwForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
forwForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
forwForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
forwForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
forwForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
forwGroup	
forwForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
template	
Templates	
master	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agreementTemplate	
Agreement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
agreementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
agreementTemplate	
1.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
agrmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
aprvTempl	
Approval Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvTempl	
12.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
costTempl	
Costing Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
costTempl	
23.0	
costTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
costTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
costTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
costTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
costTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
costTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
costTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
costTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
costTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
costTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
costTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
cpmTempl	
Critical Path Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
listCpmTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTempl	
34.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
cpmTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
Factory Audit Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
factoryAuditTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
factoryAuditTemplate	
45.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
factAuditTemForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
measurementTemplate	
Point of Measurement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
measurementTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
measurementTemplate	
56.0	
mTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
mTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
mTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
mTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
mTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
mTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
mTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
mTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
mTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
mTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
mTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
Sample Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
sampleRequestTemplate	
67.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sampleReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
Material & Accessories Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialRequestTemplate	
78.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materiReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
Document Request Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
documentRequestTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
documentRequestTemplate	
89.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
documeReqTmpForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
evaluationTemplate	
Evaluation Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
evaluationTemplate	
100.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
evaluationTemplCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
Quality Checklist Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpView	
0.0	
0.0	
qcchecklisttemplate	
111.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
qcChkTmpForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
sizeTemplate	
Size Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplView	
0.0	
0.0	
sizeTemplate	
122.0	
sizeTmplStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
sizeTmplStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
sizeTmplStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
sizeTmplStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
sizeTmplStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
sizeTmplStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
sizeTmplStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
sizeTmplStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
sizeTmplStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
sizeTmplStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
sizeTmplStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
Vendor Charges Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
vendorChargesTemplate	
133.0	
vctForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
vctForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
vctForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
vctForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
vctForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
vctForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
vctForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
vctForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
vctForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
vctForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
vendorChargesTempStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
Attribute Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
materialAttributeTemplate	
144.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
145.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
146.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
147.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
148.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
149.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
150.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
151.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
152.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
153.0	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
materialAttrTempForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
154.0	
reqTempl	
Requirement Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
reqTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
reqTempl	
155.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
156.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
157.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
158.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
159.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
160.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
161.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
162.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
163.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
164.0	
reqTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
aprvTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
165.0	
compTempl	
Comparison Templates	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
compTempl	
166.0	
compTemplForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
167.0	
compTemplForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
168.0	
compTemplForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
169.0	
compTemplForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
170.0	
compTemplForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
171.0	
compTemplForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
172.0	
compTemplForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
173.0	
compTemplForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
174.0	
compTemplForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
175.0	
compTemplForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
compTemplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
176.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
Inspection Report Template	
master	
Entry	
template	
inspectReportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
inspectReportTemplate	
177.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
178.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
179.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
180.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
181.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
182.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus06	
Custom Status 5	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
183.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
184.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
185.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
186.0	
inspectReportTemplateForCustStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
master	
Entry	
template	
insRptTmplForCustStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
187.0	
dashboard	
Dashboard	
home	
Entry	
ShowDashboardAction	
true	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
inbox	
Inbox	
home	
Entry	
inboxView	
0.0	
0.0	
notification	
2.0	
homeCpmTask	
Tasks	
home	
Entry	
homeCpmTaskView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpm	
3.0	
homeForumGroup	
Forum	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumByConversation 	
View by Topic	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByConversation 	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
homeForumByMessage	
View by Comment	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumViewByMessage	
0.0	
0.0	
forum	
2.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
homeForumForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
homeForumGroup	
homeForumForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
aprvProfile	
Approvals	
home	
Entry	
homeAprvView	
0.0	
0.0	
aprvProfile	
5.0	
changeHistory	
Recent Changes	
home	
Entry	
OpenHistorySearchViewAction	
unifyHistoryView	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
follow	
Followed	
home	
Entry	
followView	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
externalDocGroup	
External Documents	
home	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
externalDocActive	
Active	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentActiveView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalDocument	
1.0	
externalDoc	
All	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
externalDocumentAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
exDocForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
exDocForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
exDocForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
exDocForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
exDocForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
exDocForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
exDocForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
exDocForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
exDocForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
exDocForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
home	
Entry	
externalDocGroup	
exDocForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
cloud	
Cloud	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
companyProfile	
Company Profile	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
OpenCompanyDocAction	
moduleId=companyProfile&entityName=CompanyProfile	
0.0	
0.0	
1.0	
invitationRequest	
Invitation Requests	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqAllView	
0.0	
0.0	
invitationRequest	
2.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
cloud	
invitationReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
registrationRequestsGroup	
Registration Requests	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
registrationRequest	
1.0	
regReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
regReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
regReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
regReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
regReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
regReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
regReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
regReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
regReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
regReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
regReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
registrationRequestsGroup	
regReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
directory	
Directory	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
user	
Users	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
true	
userView	
0.0	
0.0	
user	
1.0	
userForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
userForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
userForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
userForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
userForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
userForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
userForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
userForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
userForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
userForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
userForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
group	
Groups	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupView	
0.0	
0.0	
group	
12.0	
groupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
groupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
groupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
groupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
groupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
groupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
groupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
groupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
groupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
groupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
groupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
role	
Roles	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleView	
0.0	
0.0	
role	
23.0	
roleForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
roleForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
roleForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
roleForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
roleForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
roleForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
roleForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
roleForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
roleForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
roleForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
adminRoleForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
accessObject	
Access Objects	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectView	
0.0	
0.0	
accessObject	
34.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
directory	
accessObjectForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
referenceData	
Reference Data	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelist	
Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistlistView	
0.0	
0.0	
codelist	
1.0	
codelistForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
codelistForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
codelistForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
codelistForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
codelistForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
codelistForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
codelistForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
codelistForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
codelistForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
codelistForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
codelistForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
hcl	
Hierarchical Code Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclView	
0.0	
0.0	
hcl	
12.0	
hclForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
hclForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
hclForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
hclForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
hclForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
hclForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
hclForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
hclForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
hclForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
hclForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
hclForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
lookup	
Lookup Lists	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupView	
0.0	
0.0	
lookup	
23.0	
lookupForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
lookupForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
lookupForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
lookupForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
lookupForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
lookupForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
lookupForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
lookupForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
lookupForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
lookupForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
referenceData	
lookupForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
appConfiguration	
Application Configuration	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
condition	
Conditions	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionView	
0.0	
0.0	
condition	
1.0	
conditionForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
conditionForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
conditionForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
conditionForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
conditionForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
conditionForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
conditionForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
conditionForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
conditionForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
conditionForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
conditionForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
trigger	
Events	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerView	
0.0	
0.0	
trigger	
12.0	
triggerForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
triggerForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
triggerForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
triggerForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
triggerForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
triggerForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
triggerForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
triggerForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
triggerForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
triggerForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
triggerForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
notificationProfile	
Notifications	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
notificationProfile	
23.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
24.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
25.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
26.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
27.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
28.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
29.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
30.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
31.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
32.0	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
notificationPrForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
33.0	
defaultProfile	
Default Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
defaultProfile	
34.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
35.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
36.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
37.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
38.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
39.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
40.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
41.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
42.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
43.0	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
defaultProfileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
44.0	
custFieldDef	
Custom Fields	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefView	
0.0	
0.0	
custFieldDef	
45.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
46.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
47.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
48.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
49.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
50.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
51.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
52.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
53.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
54.0	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
custFieldDefForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
55.0	
systemFile	
System Files	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileView	
0.0	
0.0	
systemFile	
56.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
57.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
58.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
59.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
60.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
61.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
62.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
63.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
64.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
65.0	
systemFileForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
systemFileForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
66.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
CPM Tasks	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTemplView	
0.0	
0.0	
cpmTaskTempl	
67.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
68.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
69.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
70.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
71.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
72.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
73.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
74.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
75.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
76.0	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
cpmTaskTempForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
77.0	
dataListType	
Data List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
dataListType	
78.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
79.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
80.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
81.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
82.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
83.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
84.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
85.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
86.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
87.0	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
dataListTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
88.0	
hclType	
Hierarchical Code List Types	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeView	
0.0	
0.0	
hclType	
89.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
90.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
91.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
92.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
93.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
94.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
95.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
96.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
97.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
98.0	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
hclTypeForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
99.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
Print Forms / Export Templates	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormExportTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
printFormExportTemplate	
100.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
101.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
102.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
103.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
104.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
105.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
106.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
107.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
108.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
109.0	
printFormETForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
printFormETForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
110.0	
partyTemplate	
Responsible Parties	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateView	
0.0	
0.0	
partyTemplate	
111.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
112.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
113.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
114.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
115.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
116.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
117.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
118.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
119.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
120.0	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
partyTemplateForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
121.0	
personalizeView	
Personalized Views	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalizeViewView	
0.0	
0.0	
personalizeView	
122.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
123.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
124.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
125.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
126.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
127.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
128.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
129.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
130.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
131.0	
personalViewForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
personalViewForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
132.0	
viewAdministration	
View Administrations	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationView	
0.0	
0.0	
viewAdministration	
133.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
134.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
135.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
136.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
137.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
138.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
139.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
140.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
141.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
142.0	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
appConfiguration	
viewAdministrationForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
143.0	
advanced	
Advanced	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domain	
Domains	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainView	
0.0	
0.0	
domain	
1.0	
domainForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
domainForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
domainForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
domainForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
domainForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
domainForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
domainForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
domainForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
domainForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
domainForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
domainForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
externalProfile	
External Profiles	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
externalAccessProfileView	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
clearSystemACLCache	
Clear System ACL Cache	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
ClearSystemACLCacheUIAction	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
aboutCBX	
About CBX	
setup	
Entry	
advanced	
OpenPopupWinAction	
winId=popAboutCBX	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
formBuilder	
Form Builder	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfig	
Entity Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
entityConfig	
1.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
entityConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
validationConfig	
Validation Configuration	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigView	
0.0	
0.0	
validationConfig	
12.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
14.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
15.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
16.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
17.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
18.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
19.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
20.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
21.0	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
formBuilder	
validationConfigForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
22.0	
extAccessReq	
External Access Request	
setup	
EntryGroup	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqPending	
Pending	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqPendingView	
0.0	
0.0	
externalAccessRequest	
1.0	
extAccessReqApproved	
Approved	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqApprovedView	
0.0	
0.0	
2.0	
extAccessReqRejected	
Rejected	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqRejectedView	
0.0	
0.0	
3.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01	
Custom Status 1	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus01View	
0.0	
0.0	
4.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02	
Custom Status 2	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus02View	
0.0	
0.0	
5.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03	
Custom Status 3	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus03View	
0.0	
0.0	
6.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04	
Custom Status 4	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus04View	
0.0	
0.0	
7.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05	
Custom Status 5	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus05View	
0.0	
0.0	
8.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06	
Custom Status 6	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus06View	
0.0	
0.0	
9.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07	
Custom Status 7	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus07View	
0.0	
0.0	
10.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08	
Custom Status 8	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus08View	
0.0	
0.0	
11.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09	
Custom Status 9	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus09View	
0.0	
0.0	
12.0	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10	
Custom Status 10	
setup	
Entry	
extAccessReq	
extAccessReqForCustomStatus10View	
0.0	
0.0	
13.0	
#end_elem	
##NaviDefault	
#begin_elem	
id*	
type*	
region*	
home	
NaviModule	
ALL	
dashboard	
NaviEntry	
home	
#end_elem	
dashboard/t##DashboardSection	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
sectionId*	
style	
alert	
ent-purple	
marketPo	
ent-gray	
dpo	
ent-orange	
item	
ent-blue	
vendor	
ent-yellow	
invoice	
ent-red	
#end_elem	
##DashboardEntry	
( * indicates mandatory attribute)	
#begin_elem	
entryId*	
sectionId*	
counter*	
action	
actionParams	
alert1days	
alert	
countAlertLate1	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=1	
alert5days	
alert	
countAlertLate5	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=5	
alert10days	
alert	
countAlertLate10	
navigateSearchView	
view=late&source=dashboard&days=10	
#end_elem	
fieldTypes/t##FieldType	
#begin_elem	
entity_field_type	
db_type_oracle	
db_type_pgsql	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
id	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
string-s	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
string-m	
NVARCHAR2(400)	
VARCHAR(400)	
400.0	
string-l	
NVARCHAR2(1000)	
VARCHAR(1000)	
1000.0	
integer	
NUMBER(20, 0)	
NUMERIC(20, 0)	
18	
decimal-money	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-rate	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-cbm	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-dimension	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-weight	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
decimal-percentage	
NUMBER(25, 5)	
NUMERIC(25, 5)	
20	
boolean	
NUMBER(1,0)	
BOOLEAN	
date	
DATE	
DATE	
timestamp	
TIMESTAMP	
TIMESTAMP	
blob	
BLOB	
BYTEA	
clob	
CLOB	
TEXT	
entity	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity_60	
NVARCHAR2(100)	
VARCHAR(100)	
100.0	
entity-link	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-copied	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
entity-dynamic	
CHAR(32)	
CHAR(32)	
32.0	
32.0	
hcl	
alias	
lookup	
collection	
selection	
#end_elem	
seqDef/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_CPO_CPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_VPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MPO_MPO_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_OFFER_SHEET_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMMITMENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_BRIEF_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_QC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIP_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_ADVICE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SHIPMENT_BOOKING_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CBX_SAMPLE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEM_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CS_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROGRAM_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CATALOG_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COMPONENT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_FORW_CODE	
1	
999999	
CBX_SEQ_EAR_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LABEL_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SPEC_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EXTERNAL_DOC_TITLE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_APRV_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_FACT_AUDIT_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_QC_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MEASURE_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SIZE_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_REQ_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VENDOR_CHA_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CONDITION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CPM_TASK_TMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CUST_FIELD_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DATA_LIST_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_EVENT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_GROUP_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_TYPE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_HCL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_LOOKUP_BOOK_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_NOTIFICATION_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ROLE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_USER_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CLAIM_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_LC_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VI_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COST_TEMPL_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_CODE_LIST_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_VPO_ACK_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACCESS_OBJECT_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DEFAULT_PROFILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SYSTEM_FILE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAING_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PACKAGING_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_ATTR_TEMPL	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_COLOR_PALETTE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_ARTWORK_PALEETE_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CNT_VIEW_ADMIN_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_PATTERN_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PRT_FORM_EXPT_TMPL_REF	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQUEST_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_TRACKER_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_REQ_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MATERIAL_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOCUMENT_DETAIL_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ITEMCOLOR_STOCKNO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_EVALUATION_TEMPLATE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PARTY_TEMPLATE_REF_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_SAMPLE_EVALUATION	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_ACC_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_MES_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_GDR_REF_KEY	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_AGRM_TEMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITATION_REQUEST_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INVITED_VENDORS_ID	
1.0	
999999.0	
M	
CBX_SEQ_REGISTRATION_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_CONTRACT_FILE_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_DOMAIN_ID	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_INSPECT_RPT_TMPL_NO	
1	
999999	
Y	
CBX_SEQ_IB_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_IR_CODE	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_PROJECT_NEW_ITEM	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_RFI_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
CBX_SEQ_VQ2_NO	
1	
999999	
M	
#end_elem	
seqDef_extend/t##SeqDef	
#begin_elem	
seqId*	
startWith	
maxValue	
incrementBy	
cycle	
cacheSize	
#end_elem	
commonFields/t##CommonField	
#begin_elem:all	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
id	
id	
1	
com.core.cbx.data.generator.UUIDGenerator	
revision	
integer	
1	
entityVersion	
integer	
1	
domainId	
string-m	
hubDomainId	
string-m	
isForReference	
boolean	
#end_elem:all	
#begin_elem:main	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
version	
integer	
status	
string-m	
Y	
docStatus	
string-m	
Y	
editingStatus	
string-m	
Y	
createUser	
string-s	
1	
createUserName	
string-s	
1	
updateUser	
string-s	
updateUserName	
string-s	
createdOn	
timestamp	
1	
updatedOn	
timestamp	
integrationSource	
string-m	
Y	
integrationStatus	
string-m	
Y	
integrationNote	
string-l	
Y	
isCpmInitialized	
boolean	
Y	
isLatest	
boolean	
#end_elem:main	
#begin_elem:versionTracking	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
#end_elem:versionTracking	
#begin_elem:inner	
entity_field_id*	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
mandatory	
unique	
needTrack	
min_length	
max_length	
min_value	
max_value	
min_date	
max_date	
constant	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name	
internalSeqNo	
integer	
N	
n/a	
#end_elem:inner	
customFields/t##CustomField	
#begin_elem:custom	
custom_field_type	
entity_field_id	
entity_field_type*	
entity_lookup	
needTrack	
description	
generator	
dataType	
report_column_name_pattern	
default_count	
Text	
custText	
string-l	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_TEXT	
7.0	
Date	
custDate	
date	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_DATE	
7.0	
Number	
custNumber	
integer	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_NUMBER	
7.0	
Decimal	
custDecimal	
decimal-rate	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_DECIMAL	
7.0	
Codelist	
custCodelist	
string-m	
Y	
codelist	
CUSTOM_FIELD_CODE_LIST_CODE	
7.0	
MemoText	
custMemoText	
string-l	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_MEMO_TEXT	
7.0	
Hcl	
custHcl	
hcl	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_HCL_CODE_SYS_ID	
5.0	
Checkbox	
custCheckbox	
boolean	
Y	
CUSTOM_FIELD_CHECKBOX	
10.0	
#end_elem:custom	
